[docs] Add bottom tab navigation screen options from React Navigation (#40602)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/advanced/tabs.mdx

The tab file named **index.tsx** is the default tab when the app loads. The second tab file **settings.tsx** shows how you can add more tabs to the tab bar.

## Tab bar options

> The JavaScript tabs wraps the [**Bottom Tabs Navigator v7**](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/bottom-tab-navigator) from React Navigation. **Expo Router v6 and later** extends those APIs, so you can use the same configuration props to customize the bottom tab bar or each tab. For example, using customization options, a tab navigator in your project can look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JavaScript tabs in Expo Router extend the [Bottom Tabs Navigator](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/bottom-tab-navigator) from React Navigation. The specific APIs available depend on your versions. For example, Expo Router v6 extends Bottom Tabs Navigator v7. Check your versions to ensure compatibility, then you can use the same configuration props to customize the bottom tab bar and individual tabs. For example:
```

> ## Screen options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tab bar options
```

The JavaScript tabs wraps the [Bottom Tabs Navigator](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/bottom-tab-navigator) from React Navigation. Expo Router extends those APIs, so you can use the same configuration props to customize the bottom tab bar or each tab. The supported tab bar options are listed below:

> <ReactNavigationOptions category="tabBar" />

Author: In the first paragraph of this section, I've added the version numbers for both React Navigation and Expo Router.
